# Project "Multiple Regression Analysis: Prediction of Average Overall Achievement Score of schools in North Carolina"
For this project, the database [“School Report Cards (SRC)”](https://www.dpi.nc.gov/data-reports/school-report-cards/school-report-card-resources-researchers) was taken from the North Carolina Department of Public Instruction. 

The information in the datasets are aggregated together for all districts, charter, and alternative schools operating during the school year in different categories such as school grades for different subjects, level of performance for each teacher, distribution of various courses provided by school, financial funds statistics by state and local level per pupil for schools, media equipment presence by school, security level and rate of health atmosphere by school. <br> <br>
The North Carolina Department of Public Instruction provided the dictionary and zip file with multiple datasets in CSV format. All datasets have a key column “agency_code” which includes various information regarding school and staff performance together with aggregated scores for each school in every subject (Math, English and etc.) for each year. <br> <br>
The final research dataset was combined together in CSV format by the “agency_code” column, which represents the individual code for each school in the U.S state of North Carolina. Elementary, middle and high schools were combined together in order to increase the sample size, and all student subgroups were chosen for data collection. Race, gender, disability, immigration status and economic level of the students were not taken into consideration in that research. The data was collected in 2019 for this particular study. <br> <br>
School level factors were taken into consideration in order to see how they are affecting the Overall Achievement Score of students at schools. <br> <br>
The best interaction model has been built for the prediction. Data cleaning and wrangling have been conducted as well as the individual t-test, stepwise regression procedure, F-test and multiple regression assumptions have been checked. <br> <br>
